this episode is going to make you want
to start a Chrome extension that does
$10,000 to $100,000 a month of Revenue
we went through a framework for how to
come up with Chrome extension ideas and
how to use AI to actually build these
ideas I know you're thinking it's a lot
of work to go and create a Chrome
extension actually less work than you
think and we show you exactly how to do
it enjoy this episode
[Music]
we got my man Mickey back he was on the
show video got hundreds of thousands of
views I think or at least 100 thousand
views um where you talked about curser
AI for beginners so welcome back well
again thank you for having me the the
reception was great I I again truly
appreciate the opportunity and I didn't
even know we hit 100K that's amazing
yeah oh yeah um but but this video is
going to get a million views and the
reason why this video is going to get a
million views is because we're going to
talk about how to come up with ideas for
Chrome extensions and how to actually
build your very own Chrome
extension um that you could you know put
out there in the Chrome App Store you
know eventually charge money for it um
or don't you know or just build
something that you think is really cool
that you want hundreds of thousands T
and millions of people to use the Chrome
the Chrome Store is a huge opportunity
in so many ways um and I don't think
there's enough Founders kind of
experimenting in that zone so um I
wanted to start off this call let's get
right into
it I I was brainstorming I was like hey
what are some ways to come up with ideas
for Chrome extensions so and I wanted to
get your feedback on this so one is you
can do GitHub issue mining on unresolved
problems so um not many people know this
but you can actually go into GitHub I
mean the developers know this but
non-developers don't know that you can
actually go into GitHub and just kind of
look at different issues that different
projects have um and when you see like
unresolved problems you can be like okay
I can go build a Chrome extension there
or I can build a SAS business there too
but you know starting off with a Chrome
extension I find sometimes a Chrome
extension is a a great MVP minimal
viable product and then you can always
take your Chrome extension and then go
build a SAS business out of that um a
great example of that is vid IQ vid IQ
was a a Chrome extension for YouTube
creators one of the most popular I think
hundreds of thousands if not millions of
creators use it and then they pivoted
not pivoted they evolved into a full-on
SAS business so what do you think of
number one yeah no I you know I I agree
with you in a sense where I think a
Chrome extension is a great
um
MVP to start with and there are a lot of
GitHub issues uh like a lot of projects
um especially open source projects
there's a lot of issues that you know if
you kind of see a repetitive thing like
that could in it of itself be an
opportunity I'll give you an example
there's a library called uh tanack query
um and I'm not too sure what their
monetization process looks like but they
solved one of the biggest issues in
react land which was Data fetching um
and there was a way that everybody did
data fetching before they came around
and it always caused issues but they saw
that problem they solved it it's so good
that even react and the docs recommend
you use their package it's not built-in
react but they tell you to use there so
I definitely think it's a a great like
place to Source um information see what
problems um uh developers are struggling
with and I think the developer Market is
huge I I don't know if you know this but
super base I think raised the series C
$80 million solving developer problems
does pay totally agreed um I actually
didn't know about Tu base raising that
much so I mean I think people are people
are seeing the value in developer tools
it's also great because it doesn't
require you to have really big teams you
can actually just create something and
just let you know people use it so
that's another reason why I like
developer tools the second the second
way is this is just sounds like like so
basic but there's like a moment in time
right now to do this is just go into the
Google Chrome Store Chrome app store
Google
Chrome
Store um and you can just go and you
know look at the different
extensions and you can kind of just you
know scroll through it and of course
there's now a lot of AI uh AI apps but
you can actually go through and say like
um okay in well-being let's say how do I
take some of the most popular apps I
usually like to go by highest rated and
like make it ai ai
ified so it's just a fun you know and of
course like some of them aren't going to
make sense um and and you want to focus
ones that are kind of bigger um but
thinking about how can I add AI to one
of these top top apps is just a way to
come up with
ideas that makes sense AI I might
actually do that
myself I had a feeling you might I think
I had a feeling you you you like that
one uh especially because with AI
reverse engineering like an already
existing Chrome extension is not going
to be hard um and adding AI to it
especially with all the documentations
like I'm speaking as a developer so yes
it's it's easier for me but even as a
non-developer if you have enough Grit to
go through it it's it's 100% possible
and and we're going to see how easy it
is to build a Chrome extension with the
AI sh don't tell anyone but I've got 30
plus startup ideas that could make you
millions and I'm giving them away for
free these aren't just random guesses
they're validated Concepts from
entrepreneurs whove built 100 million
dollar plus businesses I've compiled
them into one simple database
compiled from hundreds of conversations
I've had on my podcast but the main
thing is most of these ideas don't need
a single investor some cost nothing to
start I'm pretty much handing you a
cheat sheet the idea bank is your
startup
shortcut just click below to get
access your next cash flowing business
is waiting for you yeah
exactly uh product
hunt uh sometimes what you know I like
doing is go on a product hunt
search Chrome
extension and you could see all you know
popular products you know you can hear
you can go into a category actually
right
here um well here it's just a list of
Chrome extensions sorted with reviews
and you can go into them and learn about
what people like about it what people
don't like about it it um so this is
something I like doing is just going
through product hunt seeing uh you know
what people think about certain um
Chrome extensions and you'll learn a lot
and it's just like there's like infinite
here there's literally infinite here um
the other idea what you can do with
product Hunt is you know look at SAS
products and basically say here's a cool
SAS product product how can I make a
Chrome extension out of this ass
product again these are just prompts to
come up so that it helps you come up
with ideas um hundreds if not thousands
of
ideas um we've talked a lot about Reddit
on on this show on the startup ideas
podcast um one of the things I like to
do is to
track uh pain points so you can set a
IFTTT if this than that alert which is a
service uh many people know about it um
but basically you set up an alert for I
wish Chrome could dot dot dot for Reddit
you get a notification saying I wish
Chrome could do XYZ boom startup
idea yeah I did watch your one video
where you go through and like people
love to complain on Reddit so that is a
great place to
look they really do they really do this
is
genius you know we we talked a little
bit about this but Chrome web store
review analysis so you can just you can
do kind of what we were doing with
product hunt and you can kind of review
what you know on the Chrome Store what
people are saying about certain certain
apps because there is ratings although I
find that the ratings aren't as good as
um product hunt because the people who
go to product hunt are like tech people
people so they're they're able to give
like either you get a lot of like this
is amazing good good post or it's like
this is horrible for these reasons you
actually care about the onear reviews
you don't care about the festar reviews
um and then you can use you know
something like gbt if if you know if you
end up wanting to create a Chrome
extension Factory which I think some
people on this video might end up
wanting to do you can actually uh use
tools like GPT to summarize the onar
reviews fix the flaws
I'm going to go through these very
quickly and if people want comment if
you want a separate video on on coming
up with these ideas and going deeper on
it I
do you're like you're like I comment I
comment right now before the video's out
yeah that's funny I put this one in for
you because again like thinking about
developers API change log monitoring
first to Market with new
Integrations you know I I think that
could be interesting YouTube tutorial
common scraping what are people
struggling with this is similar to uh
Reddit paino tracking but if you look at
tutorials specifically and like look at
a tutorial like this for example and
then you see what are people struggling
with it and then go and solve it um
we've talked about uh going down into
into you know specific subreddits before
I've created a video on this using tools
like gummy search which actually brings
out the pain points in different sub
subreddits um and then you can also just
at what uh feature requests are
happening for SAS products you can use
that you can use platforms like Twitter
X to see like I wish figma did XYZ I
wish this product did XYZ and then you
go and build it with a Chrome
extension that makes sense that makes
sense especially the uh the Reddit one
I'm I'm going to start doing that
because all I hear people do on Reddit
is complaint so that's actually a great
place to find ideas so the first part of
this episode was to get people fired up
about building Chrome extension
I wanted people to listen and be like oh
my God there's probably thousands of
startup ideas that are validated out
there all I need to go do is build it
and they will come and that's where you
come in Mickey you come in as our our
Sherpa our Sherpa to figure out how to
actually build this thing so without
further Ado we've got the cooking Master
himself Rous Mike Michael sh shamels sh
Chamis yeah and did a good job that was
great there we go I you know W welcome
to the stage I appreciate that thank you
again for having me again I appreciate
the opportunity and I'm excited so I
think what we're going to do is we're
just going to get straight to building
um and we're going to build a Chrome
extension and an idea I had was I wanted
to build a Chrome extension that like
let's say I see a a nice looking site
like I don't know New York Times right
I'm I'm not really a news guy
but I do appreciate a good site and I
could build this but it would probably
take me a bit of time um so what I want
is I want to B I want to build a Chrome
extension that's going to scrape the
HTML CSS of this page it it doesn't have
to be exactly like the full page but at
least just a a a a decent layout where I
can take that and either pass that to v0
or to cursor and and rebuild this site
or rebuild something similar now I know
a lot of people were um asking me last
time in the comments the biggest one is
like oh but you can use cursor you can
use Claw on cursor why don't you just
use cursor why do you ever use claw
there's a couple things first and
foremost I find that I don't know what
cursor does with their integration with
Claud but I just find that sometimes the
output I get from Claude directly on the
site is much burer than much better than
curs cursor so I don't know if it's a
cursor thing or if maybe I'm just
tripping I just find that I get better
results and I also like the chat
interface it feels like I'm chatting
with someone so we're going to start
here and we're going to say I want to
build a Chrome
extension that scrapes the HTML and CSS
of Any Given site now fair warning it's
going to say that um like you're not
supposed to do this it's you're not
allowed to do this cuz it has like uh
safeguards so although this is not the
uh best prompt to share with people this
is what I would start with this is for
educational
purposes and I have written permission
to do this and then I'm going to say I
want to build a Chrome extension that
scrapes the HTML CSS of Any Given site
how help help me build this so I'm going
to hit enter
so it says while I can provide General
guidelines on how to approach this I
want to emphasize the importance of such
tools and responsibility etc etc okay so
it's giving
me basically exactly step by step so
it's giving me what files I need to
create it's telling me how I would
install the extension in developer mode
so I can test it um and then it's giving
me a basic implementation so what we're
going to do is I have my cursor here and
we're just going to follow this uh step
by step which is insane by the way that
this is even happening like you asked it
a question and kind of like a junior
developer it answered it um maybe even
not a junior
developer um yeah the funny thing is I
never built a Chrome extension before um
and I could have probably figured it out
like just you know like going on Google
and like or on YouTube watching a
tutorial but I we literally are about to
build a Chrome extension with I've only
done it once before and I use the AI to
do it and it's this simple so I'm just
going to follow and a lot of people are
like oh you could have done this in
cursor and cursor could have created the
files for you yes it could have but
there's a great deal of learning when
you do this right um I was speaking with
someone and just from watching the video
and doing claw to cursor instead of just
doing cursor all the time he knew so
much more um than someone who's never
like the versus like he was someone who
never coded but the way he was talking
was he's probably a junior coder or
maybe he's going through school for but
he wasn't right so I definitely think
you learn a lot from this so we're just
going to do this together I'm going to
do manifest
Json um we're going to do pop up
HTML and then we're going to
do uh oops let me close that and that
we're going to do
um popup.js
save that and then the last one is
background.js all right so we have our
files created now let's just copy the
code so this is my manifest. js. Json
paste that in here this is my popup
HTML paste that in
here this is my popup Js
paste that in here and this is my oh no
popop J is this entire thing let's paste
that and this
is background JS all right
so paste that so I have my code set up
let's follow the next steps it says
create a new directory for your
extension save each file with its
respective name and content it says open
Chrome go to chrome. extensions okay so
we're going to do
together so I'm on arc Arc is built on
chromium so it should work on Arc as
well and let me just remove
this and it says enable developer mode
on the top right so I have developer
mode enabled you probably don't so click
that and then it says click load
unpacked and select the extension
directory so i' click that and then I
would find the folder which is YouTube
tutorial right here so select
that okay and this popped up and the way
you can confirm the name is if you go to
manifest Json I'll zoom in so people can
see this is called HTML CSS scraper
that's what this is called as well okay
perfect so let's go here and let's test
it I don't know if it's going to get it
right the first
time um but let's try anyway
so I have a bunch of extensions give me
one second is it this while you're while
you're bringing that up I just want to
say one quick thing that I think is
really smart so you're using Arc browser
and you have two screens kind of next to
each other which just makes your
workflow way quicker 100% I I could not
live without this browser um just the
way it has things set up and like I even
have like if I show my actual browser
like I have like different tabs like
it's just like an
organizational uh like Legend So 100%
recommend and it just helps to have
things side side by side um but let me
get this extension going I think it's
this one is that I don't have my classes
it's this one right here okay
so we have our extension live it's not
the best looking it's right here so it
says there's a button that scrape this
page let's click
it okay nothing happened fantastic so
what we're going to do is I'm going to
pop open on cursor right now and I'm
going to say make its so that when I
click let me look at what the button was
again uh button is scrape this page when
I click scrape this page that it
actually scrapes the page and gives me
the HTML and CSS that I can copy and I'm
going to add at the codebase so it looks
at the entire codebase to do this so
let's hit
enter this is how you know I use cursor
a lot it says slow request I've already
maxed on my request for the month that's
what we want people to do that means
that you're you're using it a lot no I'm
I'm I'm Max using it Okay so we've got
some changes let's just accept and let's
save this and in order to reload the app
I'm pretty sure all I have to do is
click that it's
reloaded let's go back here let's click
on my extension okay so now if I click
scrape this page I guess some HTML and
some CSS which is great but let's make
sure this actually works so we're going
to go to a site called I think it's
called Uh real time HTML all
right so I wanted so that when I copy
when I scrape this code right this page
right here which we're going to do click
scrape this page I copy this to click
clipboard and if I paste it here it
should work but it
doesn't right and this is what I'm going
to do I'm going to go back to Cur I know
why it works um it it's not working
because the way it's giving me the HTML
CSS is not renderable but this is what
I'm going to do the HTML and CSS does
not render can you make it so that if I
just paste the code that you give me it
will run on any HT
tml um
editor slash
renderer um I might have okay I'm going
to cancel this the reason why I'm going
to cancel this is I forgot to include
add code base I'm going to hit enter
again is it making sense so
far Crystal Clear that's why I love
having you on because you're you explain
it so
simply beautiful I I want to make sure
that it's cuzz one I try is not I don't
want to come off as a smart guy and like
oh he's so smart but no one understands
anything all right so I got some changes
um I just hit save I don't even know if
the changes are good but we'll just
trust the AI let's fire the extension
okay made some
updates we scraped it I'm going to click
copy to clipboard let's paste it
here and okay so we see that it's giv me
a sample meaning the way it's rendering
the the way it's uh giving me the HTML
is good now let's look at the output it
gave me it says let's create a simple
script JS file that will work with
regular web environment these changes
accomplish the following the HTML file
now includes a basic styling okay to use
Simple copy both all right so basically
what it does is it created a version
that's renderable I'm going to tell it
this works but now I want you to scrape
the
website the
extension is on and make it so that the
HTML and CSS you get is
renderable
renderable like this
example quick ad break let me tell you
about a business I invested in it's
called boring marketing.com so a few
years ago I met this group of people
that were some of the best SEO experts
in the world they were behind getting
some of the biggest companies found on
Google and the secret sauce is they've
got a set of technology and AI that
could help you outrank your competition
so for my own businesses I wanted that I
didn't want to have to rely on Mark
Zuckerberg I didn't want to depend on
ads to drive customers to my businesses
I wanted to rank high in Google that's
why I like SEO and that's why I use
boring marketing.com and that's why I
invested in it they're so confident in
their approach that they offer a 30-day
Sprint with 100% money back guarantee
who does that nowadays so check it out
highly recommend boring marketing.com
and uh I'm I'm purposely taking the
longer route because I can give it one
prompt that will like make me like give
me all the right like do the right thing
that I need but that's coming from a
developer mind I'm I'm trying to prompt
it like someone who's not a developer
just to show that it's not that hard
just some things you have to push
through so we're going to hit
accept go back here oh I forgot to
reload my extension we're going to
reload the
extension I'm going to hit this we're
going to click scrape page let's copy to
clipboard let's paste it here oh my
goodness hello New York
Times ah this is great I'll be honest I
thought it was going to take a couple
prompts yeah wow wow so I mean there you
have it right it it just like a little
back and forth a couple a bit of testing
and like I noticed that there's this
HTML up top so I'm just going to remove
this right here and this is not bad it's
not
bad right
like
so again I mean the news is bad but the
actual HTML CSS is beautiful 100% 100% I
only use the New York Times cuz I don't
even know why I don't even watch the
news like that but again a couple
prompts and and and this is why I'm I'm
glad you started off with the Chrome
extension idea I really think before
people jump into web apps which is a
whole different ball game again um it's
it's it's not a like I'm not to scare
people like you know it it'll be doable
but it's not a simple game there's a lot
you have to consider but with a Chrome
extension the ROI from you building it
to you potentially making some money off
of it especially with the ideas you
shared are just so much higher so if I
were people if anyone's watching this I
would build 10 of these like all the
ideas that you had for a site I'm 99.9%
sure can be a Chrome
extension and again I I I honestly
thought we'd get it maybe at the 10th or
15th prompt the fact that we got it this
early is blowing my
mind so I think you know you made a
really good point which I think is make
it almost like make it your mission to
be a Chrome extension Factory you know
even if you have a full-time job um
you've seen you seen now firsthand how
easy it is to create um so be that
factory try to create maybe one every
few weeks learn you know get a notebook
and write down all the things that that
you're
learning um why not yeah and let's say
you wanted to uh like push this to the
Chrome Store right I've never done that
I don't know how to do that so I'll just
ask Claude I want to now push this to
the Google Chrome
Store how do I do it give me a step byep
plan
right and then all right ensure the code
is complete thoroughly tested create a
compelling icon 16 x 16 408x 48 128x 128
description and then look it tells you
create a developer account sign in pay
the onetime registration fee
$5 zip all your extension files like so
like again you can go from Chrome
extension to this is on the Chrome Store
pretty quickly I would say the only
barrier of Entry is the $5 and that
that's pretty low barrier of Entry
so um I would I would honestly stay here
especially for my non uh developers I
would spend a lot of time just
developing Chrome extensions and I
wouldn't even do it right off cursor I
would build it on claer you know chat
gbt if you want to um and I would just
copy the files over build that like
knowledge base like where again as
someone who's building Chrome extensions
you know that you need a popup HTML you
need a popup.js
you need a script file you need a
manifest Json and the more you do this
the more you start to enter that
developer mind and so when you make that
shift to web apps which again are not
simple it will be a lot easier from you
watch the first video we did to jumping
into web apps that have ai payments a
database integration authorization
authentication it's a whole different
ball game but I think this middle step
is so necessary especially for those who
have great ideas like the ones you
shared or get the great ideas that you
shared so someone is listening to this
and is and is probably thinking okay
cool you built that but it's it's
ugly 100% it is and simply what we're
going to do is we're going to go to our
cursor and be
like uh let me open
composer and I'll say this
works great job but this is ugly let's
make it cuter um and more fun wait
before you before you okay I want to say
one thing because I not only do I want
it to make it cute and more fun I also
wanted to implement best practices when
it comes to Chrome extension design nice
so we'll do this
works um thank
you now please review the code base and
make sure I'm following best practices
so we'll do the best practices
first and then we'll make it nice and
cute but for all the maybe people who
know like basic HTML if you notice like
this is HTML so you can style these
buttons however you
want
um all right so it's
adding meta
tag and okay so it changed up the popup
JS it looks like it made this function
more optimized okay this all looks good
to me uh meta tag here and then added a
permissions here so we're going to hit
accept and then we're going
to reload
this and we're going to actually why
don't we do a more risky site cuz they
have blockers and there's so much
animation and I wouldn't be surprised if
this came out ugly but let's let's take
the risk here and I'm going to paste
this okay yeah see because they have a
lot of images this is going to come
off weird let me see let me do what's
another site that we could scrape
um let's do YouTube
so YouTube let's
go uh where are my extensions
at HTML CSS scraper scrape this page
copy to clipboard let's go
[Music]
here okay wait hold on wait did I I
scraped this page on accident give me
one second let me go back to YouTube
scrape this scrape this page copy
and then clear this and then
paste why is it giving me a duplicate uh
okay so we have a bug hold on so let me
go on YouTube I'm on YouTube right
now close this and then hit
HTML CSS okay scrape this page I'm going
to copy this or I'll just copy this code
and then paste this
here why is it doing
that I don't know if you know what it's
doing but it's basically scraping the
editor itself right okay so let's
actually this makes it even better okay
we have a problem let me go back to New
York Times let's
see uh scrape this page if it does the
same thing then I know what the issue is
okay so New York Times works and then
let's do maybe a different site
x.com let's do x.com here
copy and
then
paste
uh scrape this page I'll just copy the
code
myself and then let's paste it
here okay
so this works beautifully let's do this
with what was the site that broke
YouTube and let's scrape this
page interesting I think YouTube is
blocking it let me see let me go the
cursor and say why can't I scrape
YouTube but I can scrape you uh
Twitter and and uh New York Times so
you're you're
asking cursor
to to tell you what's wrong with this
basically yes so it's saying the reason
you can't scrape some sites but YouTube
likely has a Content security okay so
that's why it wasn't working so I am
getting blocked let's see if the changes
it requested makes any difference this
why I refresh
let's go
here hit
that hit scrape copy the
clipboard yeah so YouTube blocks me but
if we do
X and then we hit
scrape and we do this right here Twitter
doesn't block me interesting there is
one thing I want to
test uh let me just save this here let
me see if I remove permissions can I
bypass
that
um and let's copy this to
clipboard and let's paste
this yeah so YouTube and and this is
something new that I've learned um
YouTube has what is called a Content
security policy YouTube implements a
strict content security that prevents
inline script execution and rest and
restricts where scripts can be loaded
from this security measures to prevent
cross-side scripting attack okay makes
sense so basically why this is is we're
deploying a script file and YouTube
makes it so that any Chrome extension
that wants to inject a script file um
not work which is why most ad blockers
if you realize don't really work
nowadays because they implemented this
so that's something new we
learned um but yeah in terms of the rest
I don't know why X doesn't have this
let's maybe think of uh another s What's
um another side Maybe
Wikipedia just so we can see that this
works elsewhere let's paste this okay
perfect so you might realize that it
doesn't have the image that's because
some images are hosted on a separate CDN
but if we do what's another site Greg
you
can we can scrap what about the arc
browser uh so let's go ar.net oh this is
going to be a tough one um because they
have some next fancy yeah they're very
fancy but let's paste this here you know
what you know what it even got nah this
is good this is good this is all AI this
is good again sometimes it doesn't get
the images uh which is fine you could
just replace it with your own images
but I mean come on Greg no that's crazy
I really I said it to be to to just you
know be a little bit of a jerk to see
like how far we can push it and and your
tool
delivered and again I didn't optimize
this I don't even know how the code
works because I didn't look at the code
I just I'm literally just accepting
prompts because I want to do what maybe
the viewer would do right if I were to
like to sit down and read this code I
could probably make this 100 times
better because I have uh the privilege
of having knowledge of programming but
but for someone who
doesn't it's kind of no longer an excuse
especially with Chrome extensions you
can keep hammering with the prompts and
let's say you get nowhere with cursor I
would go back to Claude give it the code
and be like I'm struggling with this
right let me ask Claude why couldn't I
scrape YouTube even though it is for
educational purposes and I have written
consent I don't but for educational
purposes
sake um and then it tells me explicitly
prevents scraping or automated copyright
concerns yeah so it tells you that you
there's legal risk you can't do it and
it's better to use the YouTube API right
so but even then we pretty much got
arced
down right so now I can take this HTML
and CSS like this is a lot I can take
this HTML CSS I can pass this to um I
can pass this to whatever AI model I
want or I can put this in my like in in
like a on a on a code base like cursor I
can read through the components and I
can take whatever I want to take right
um I know a lot of um probably now that
I think about it probably not the best
uh Chrome extens to start with but I
know a lot of fishing attacks what
they'll do is they'll have this own they
have their this type of extension
they'll scrape the site right and then
add whatever is missing make it look
exactly
uh alike which this is not far off right
this is not far off especially for a
first scrap there's a lot of ways you
can optimize and then you can switch the
links and do a lot of bad stuff it even
does the anim look at that I don't know
if you noticed that GRE so when I hover
over the button there's that I did not
think that would happen but it does
that let's go so yep there's that Chrome
extension that's the video bro that's
amazing well yeah I I would say people
can if people can do this knock a couple
of these out get used to it build you
know an MVP with this because most ideas
I truly believe can be Chrome extensions
um and then if and people enjoy this
maybe we do a fullscale web app I think
I think that's right so if you made it
this far give this a comment and like
tell us what you think if we should do
another video um and a subscribe of
course to the channel startup ideas
podcast um
and Mickey where could people find more
of your amazing tutorials on YouTube and
and just get to know you better well I I
appreciate the plug so if you go on
YouTube which by the way I I just hit
15K subs today um shout out to you
doubled that last video doubled my
subscriber base so you can follow me on
YouTube uh at rash Mike again I was at
2,000 followers follow before the video
now I'm at 4,000 so shout out to the Pod
you can follow me on Twitter and if you
want to take the more formal route you
can go to my website rosm m.x YZ bunch
of links there where you can reach out
to me or you could just DM me on Twitter
I'm pretty nice if you DM me I'll most
likely DM back unless you're trying to
sell me Bots to bot my followers then I
won't respond but yeah again thank you
so much G I really appreciate uh the
opportunity as always and it's uh thank
you so much for your time and thanks
everyone for listening we can't can't
wait to see the Chrome extensions that
you build
[Music]